hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and welcome to the first episode of
a series that I'm very excited to share
with you guys called oMG setups now in
this particular case oMG stands for
online mobile gaming and if you've seen
my channel I do a lot of stuff on
laptops so I do most of my work on a
laptop most of my video editing on a
laptop but I also play most of my games
on a laptop so in this series I want to
showcase an upcoming game something that
I'm super excited about something that
I've experienced I want to share with
you guys as well as some hardware to
play that game while mobile so I'm glad
you guys are here for the first one I
hope you guys enjoy this series
let's go mobile
overwatch is a first-person shooter
developed by Blizzard you might know
them from other franchises like Warcraft
or Starcraft or Diablo they've been
making games for years in almost every
game that they put out has been wildly
successful for years
Blizzard was working on a project called
Titan they spent a ton of time working
on this thing something like seven years
but they ended up scrapping it and from
its ashes came over watch their first
new franchise in 17 years they created a
whole new world for the game with
backstories and animated shorts for some
of the characters so when I played the
beta last year the big question I had
was what makes this game different from
other shooters like what makes this
Blizzard game because they don't develop
games that are just pretty good right
they tend to make some real bangers
overwatch nails all of the standard
shooter stuff so awesome graphics cool
weapons snappy controls but there's a
lot of games like that what makes it
unique are the characters these aren't
classes like Team Fortress or other
team-based shooters these are 21
individual characters all of them
extremely different from each other in
play style and feel and yet somehow
they're all relatively balanced but what
ties everything together is that each of
these characters have a unique ultimate
ability it's essentially a super move
that you can use once you've done enough
damage in a match so at first it seems
kind of cool if you do enough stuff you
get to use this fun ultimate ability and
then you repeat the process but then you
realize that there's strategy and
synergy to these Ultimates similar to
strategies in MOBAs like dota so as you
play you learn to coordinate your
abilities with your team to do some more
advanced stuff and that's where the
magic lies because with good timing and
coordination you can make some awesome
plays and that's essentially what makes
overwatch special you still need good
reflexes but I've never played another
shooter that had this kind of depth to
the decision-making and strategy it's a
lot of fun and I think it'll do well in
the competitive eSports market so I've
played overwatch on a lot of different
hardware but for this video I chose some
gear that was kind of themed to the
orange and white of the game if you want
to check this stuff out I'm going to put
links to all of these products in the
video description so the packet went
with is a Hershel Lennox pretty clean
looking bag and a
the error for the laptop it's not
specifically designed to hold a bunch of
tech but it holds what I need and most
importantly it's not butt ugly like most
tech backpacks the smartphone is an
iPhone 6s wrapped in a white and orange
skin from deer and one really useful
accessory is this battery pack from
ravpower so it's got flip-out prongs to
charge it and then a built-in lightning
cable to charge any iOS device super
simple and it has no cables to lose the
laptop is an alienware 15 this one has a
1080p panel and has some pretty fast
components it easily handles over watch
when I'm playing with graphics maxed out
at 1080p and still getting over 60
frames per second now there's a lot of
good gaming laptops out there but the
things I like in particular about the
aw15 it's got a great keyboard for
gaming thermal management is on point
and it's got a lot of internal drive
slots for recording gameplay or video
edits I'm also a sucker for that light
up trackpad the minimum requirements are
actually relatively light I'm glad that
they optimized the game like this people
with older hardware can still play the
mouse is a white rival 300 from
SteelSeries side grip color adjustable
LEDs for the logo and scroll wheel great
ergonomics and adjustable CPI it goes
from 50 up to 6,500 the mouse pad is
from 3m I use these often at work and
I've grown to love them they have a
slightly sticky bottom it's not tape or
anything it's just grippy and it's
awesome for transporting around there
are two main sniper classes Widowmaker
is easier to aim with because her rifle
shots are instant you line it up in the
scope and you can get some nice kills
hon Zoe's bow and arrow has travel time
and the shot drops so it's definitely a
harder character to aim with but it
doesn't matter which of these characters
you're playing with you want a good
Mouse on a good surface for sniping the
headset I went with is the SteelSeries
Siberia 200 in white super comfortable
headset with a retractable mic and it
has inline volume and mute controls the
voice clarity on the mic is good now
overwatch has voice chat built into the
game so you can communicate with
teammates even in pickup games the
positional audio and overwatch is really
well done possibly the best of
experience in a game each of the 21
characters have their own unique
footstep sound so not only can you hear
enemies through walls and stuff but if
you're experienced and you have a good
ear you can actually tell which
character it is
and then prepare accordingly it's pretty
cool now having played this for a few
months I've really enjoyed it I think
it's going to be a pretty popular game
and hope some of you guys get to play it
as well if you're not part of PC
master-race
it's available on ps4 and Xbox as well
just know Mac client yet I'm still not
very good at it but one of the most
important elements of the game is
knowing when to switch characters during
a match and obviously which character to
switch to because changing to a
different character at the right time
can make a huge difference for your team
so unlike many strategy games where
you're stuck with the one character that
you chose the beginning of the match in
overwatch you can switch in fact it's
encouraged to switch because team
composition is such a big part of the
game so the game cost $40 but I'm
actually going to be giving away a
couple keys if you want to win one
follow me on Twitter and Instagram
because I'll be running the contest
there hope you guys enjoyed this video
give me some thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice and
I hope to see you guys in overwatch